Ye Xuan has seen the story
Enron County
It's Wang Junshu's Enron County
Yes, just got the message.
Wang Junshou filled it with fire oil and dry firewood
Lead 10,000 strong men
Take yourself as you
Lure 100,000 ghosts into the city
Burning city
martyrdom
And the 400,000 people of Enron County
Nearly 70% survived such an attack
It's all my fault
I was too slow.
Only then did I get Wang Junbeast and billions of strong men
sacrificed in vain
This is Wang Junshou's masterpiece
He was a vassal
It must be handed over to you.
Send a message to the case immediately
Plan ahead
As soon as possible cuckoo
salute
Come with me!
Ye Xuan
Really like the emperor
The imperial master is my father
A unified Xuanzhou southwest
Lay down the legendary emperor of the current dynasty
General Ji
Come With Me
Go find a doctor
Let me take me to see Concubine Ji Gui
Sorry general
The empress doesn't want to see you
Here comes the family, right?
I don't believe I'm going to write to my sister
They're just following orders.
The general's men are late
Forgive me.
The general doesn't know what your plans are next
Run away
Very good Ji Xiaojun
Why don't we rebel?